Update console-specific-tips.md (#201)
RetroAchievements/docs: docs/developer-docs/console-specific-tips.md

## Nintendo DS

Pointers always start with a `0x02`. For example, a pointer pointing directly to `0x13f944` will be `0x0213f944`.

> DSi mode can be detected when bit0 & bit1 are 1 at 0x400. This is known to slightly shift memory on some game and so could be used to protect against the mode if needs be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DSi mode can be detected when bit0 & bit1 are 1 at 0x400. This is known to slightly shift memory on some games and so it could be used to protect against the mode if needs be.
```
